next release (#31)
UiPath/ProcessMining-devkit-connector: documentation/connector_documentation.md

### Business data configuration
\<In case the connector is created to output data for TemplateOne, give an overview how the input for the business data has to be configured (tags, due dates) and a definition of tags and due dates which are available out of the box.>

### KPIs

> \<For each attribute, list the KPIs that can be used based on the data that is provided for TemplateOne. Also provide the related definition.>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\<This section is only needed for Template connectors. List the KPIs that can be calculated based on the data that is provided for TemplateOne. Also provide the related definition.>
```
For DAs we do not require partners to have this section, correct?

| KPI | Description |
| :---: | :---: |
| Automation rate| (Number of events where Automated equals `TRUE` / Total number of events) |

> \<Add a disclaimer: Not all the KPIs are available out of box, they need to be added to app.>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\<Add a disclaimer: Not all KPIs are available in TemplateOne out of the box, they might have to be added to app.>
```
